c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.apk
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.apk
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.apk
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid-Signed.apk
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.apk
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.Android.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\bustap.bus.client.apk
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\bustap.bus.client-Signed.apk
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\bustap.bus.client.apk
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\mark.mendoza\Documents\bustapbusclient\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
