c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.apk
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.apk
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\bin\Debug\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll.mdb
