c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\BusTap.Bus.Client.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\mark.mendoza\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client\BusTap.Bus.Client.Droid\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
